lister,dossier,actuel,decroissant|/bin/ls -r --color
lister,repertoire,actuel,decroissant|/bin/ls -r --color
lister,repertoire,decroissant|/bin/ls % -r --color|directory
lister,dossier,decroissant|/bin/ls % -r --color|directory
lister,decroissant|/bin/ls % -r --color|directory
lister,repertoire,actuel|/bin/ls --color
lister,dossier,actuel|/bin/ls --color
lister,repertoire|/bin/ls % --color|directory
lister,dossier|/bin/ls % --color|directory
lister|/bin/ls % --color|directory
ou,suis,je|/bin/pwd
repertoire,actuel|/bin/pwd
creer,fichier|/bin/touch %|directory
creer,dossier|/bin/mkdir %|directory
editer,fichier|/bin/nano %|directory
modifier,fichier|/bin/nano %|directory
supprimer,fichier|/bin/rm %|directory
supprimer,dossier|/bin/rmdir %|directory
afficher,fichier|/bin/more %|directory
lire,fichier|/bin/more %|directory
changer,mot,passe|/bin/passwd
super,administrateur|/bin/su
super,utilisateur|/bin/su
mode,noyau|/bin/su
quel,heure|/bin/date
quel,jour|/bin/date
quel,date|/bin/date
quel,annee|/bin/date
lister,processus|/bin/ps
tuer,processus|/bin/kill %|number
debarasser,processus|/bin/kill %|number
executer,commande|/bin/%|directory
executer|%|directory
imhotep|echo Exyptien.exe
